---
title: "VIA人格测试"
categories:
  - 关于我 About Me
---

一个挺好玩的24型人格测试，可以将前五项或者前十项作为自己的长项来看待，有助于提高自我认知。

测试地址：https://www.viacharacter.org/survey/account/register

根据测试结果，怪不得我那么爱看蓝天白云～

ZHANG JIAQI

1: Appreciation of Beauty & Excellence
Noticing and appreciating beauty, excellence, and/or skilled performance in various domains of life, from nature to art to mathematics to science to everyday experience.

2: Spirituality
Having coherent beliefs about the higher purpose and meaning of the universe; knowing where one fits within the larger scheme; having beliefs about the meaning of life that shape conduct and provide comfort.

3: Bravery
Not shrinking from threat, challenge, difficulty, or pain; speaking up for what’s right even if there’s opposition; acting on convictions even if unpopular; includes physical bravery but is not limited to it.

4: Honesty
Speaking the truth but more broadly presenting oneself in a genuine way and acting in a sincere way; being without pretense; taking responsibility for one’s feelings and actions.

5: Kindness
Doing favors and good deeds for others; helping them; taking care of them.

6: Perseverance
Finishing what one starts; persevering in a course of action in spite of obstacles; “getting it out the door”; taking pleasure in completing tasks.

7: Judgment
Thinking things through and examining them from all sides; not jumping to conclusions; being able to change one’s mind in light of evidence; weighing all evidence fairly.

8: Love
Valuing close relations with others, in particular those in which sharing & caring are reciprocated; being close to people.

9: Forgiveness
Forgiving those who have done wrong; accepting others’ shortcomings; giving people a second chance; not being vengeful.

10: Gratitude
Being aware of and thankful for the good things that happen; taking time to express thanks.
